[Music]
[Music] then the Lord said to Noah come into the
then the Lord said to Noah come into the
then the Lord said to Noah come into the ark you and all your household because I
ark you and all your household because I
ark you and all your household because I have seen that you are righteous before
have seen that you are righteous before
have seen that you are righteous before me in his his creation you shall take
me in his his creation you shall take
me in his his creation you shall take with you seven each of every clean
with you seven each of every clean
with you seven each of every clean animal a male and his female to each of
animal a male and his female to each of
animal a male and his female to each of animals that are unclean a male and his
animals that are unclean a male and his
animals that are unclean a male and his female also seven each of birds of the
female also seven each of birds of the
female also seven each of birds of the air male and female to keep the species
air male and female to keep the species
air male and female to keep the species alive on the face of all the earth for
alive on the face of all the earth for
alive on the face of all the earth for after seven more days I will cause it to
after seven more days I will cause it to
after seven more days I will cause it to rain on the earth forty days and forty
rain on the earth forty days and forty
rain on the earth forty days and forty nights and I will destroy from the face
nights and I will destroy from the face
nights and I will destroy from the face of the earth all living things
and Noah did according to all that the
and Noah did according to all that the LORD commanded him Noah was 600 years
LORD commanded him Noah was 600 years
LORD commanded him Noah was 600 years old when the flood waters were on the
old when the flood waters were on the
old when the flood waters were on the earth so Noah with his sons his wife and
earth so Noah with his sons his wife and
earth so Noah with his sons his wife and his sons wives went into the ark because
his sons wives went into the ark because
his sons wives went into the ark because of the waters of the flood of clean
of the waters of the flood of clean
of the waters of the flood of clean animals of animals that are unclean of
animals of animals that are unclean of
animals of animals that are unclean of birds and of everything that creeps on
birds and of everything that creeps on
birds and of everything that creeps on the air two by two they went into the
the air two by two they went into the
the air two by two they went into the ark to no male and female as God had
ark to no male and female as God had
ark to no male and female as God had commanded
and it claimed two paths after seven
and it claimed two paths after seven days that the waters of the flood were
days that the waters of the flood were
days that the waters of the flood were on the earth in a six hundredth year of
on the earth in a six hundredth year of
on the earth in a six hundredth year of Noah's life in the second month the
Noah's life in the second month the
Noah's life in the second month the seventeenth day of the month on that day
seventeenth day of the month on that day
seventeenth day of the month on that day all the Fountains of the great deep were
all the Fountains of the great deep were
all the Fountains of the great deep were broken up and the windows of heaven were
broken up and the windows of heaven were
broken up and the windows of heaven were opened and the rain was on the earth 40
opened and the rain was on the earth 40
opened and the rain was on the earth 40 days and 40 nights on the very same day
days and 40 nights on the very same day
days and 40 nights on the very same day Noah and Noah's sons Shem ham and
Noah and Noah's sons Shem ham and
Noah and Noah's sons Shem ham and Japheth and Noah's wife and the three
Japheth and Noah's wife and the three
Japheth and Noah's wife and the three wives of his sons with them entered the
wives of his sons with them entered the
wives of his sons with them entered the earth they and every beast after its
earth they and every beast after its
earth they and every beast after its kind all cattle after their kind every
kind all cattle after their kind every
kind all cattle after their kind every creeping thing that creeps on the earth
creeping thing that creeps on the earth
creeping thing that creeps on the earth after its kind and every bird after its
after its kind and every bird after its
after its kind and every bird after its kind every bird of every sort and they
kind every bird of every sort and they
kind every bird of every sort and they went into the ark to know two by two of
went into the ark to know two by two of
went into the ark to know two by two of all flesh in which is the breath of life
all flesh in which is the breath of life
all flesh in which is the breath of life so those that entered male and female of
so those that entered male and female of
so those that entered male and female of all flesh went in as God commanded him
all flesh went in as God commanded him
all flesh went in as God commanded him and the Lord shut him
now with the flood was of the earth
now with the flood was of the earth forty days the waters increased and
forty days the waters increased and
forty days the waters increased and lifted out of the ark and it rose high
lifted out of the ark and it rose high
lifted out of the ark and it rose high above the earth the waters prevailed and
above the earth the waters prevailed and
above the earth the waters prevailed and greatly increased on the earth and they
greatly increased on the earth and they
greatly increased on the earth and they are moved about on the surface of the
are moved about on the surface of the
are moved about on the surface of the waters and the waters prevailed
waters and the waters prevailed
waters and the waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth and all the
exceedingly on the earth and all the
exceedingly on the earth and all the high hills under the whole heaven were
high hills under the whole heaven were
high hills under the whole heaven were covered the waters prevailed 15 cubits
covered the waters prevailed 15 cubits
covered the waters prevailed 15 cubits upward and the mountains were covered
upward and the mountains were covered
upward and the mountains were covered and all flesh died that moved on the
and all flesh died that moved on the
and all flesh died that moved on the earth birds and cattle and beasts and
earth birds and cattle and beasts and
earth birds and cattle and beasts and every creeping thing that creeps on the
every creeping thing that creeps on the
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth and every man
all in whose nostrils was the breath of
all in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life all that was in the
the spirit of life all that was in the
the spirit of life all that was in the dry land died
so he destroyed all living things which
so he destroyed all living things which were the face of the ground both Man and
were the face of the ground both Man and
were the face of the ground both Man and Captain creeping thing and bird of the
Captain creeping thing and bird of the
Captain creeping thing and bird of the air they were destroyed from the earth
only now and those who are with him in
only now and those who are with him in the Ark remained alive and the waters
the Ark remained alive and the waters
the Ark remained alive and the waters prevailed on the earth 150 days